API TERMS OF USE
================

1. BINDING EFFECT. This is a binding agreement. By accessing and using the application program interface ("API") for our Internet site located at http://www.opened.io/ (the "Site"), you agree to abide by these API Terms of Use, as they may be amended by OpenEd Inc. ("OpenEd") from time to time in its sole discretion. OpenEd will post a notice on the Site any time these API Terms of Use have been changed or otherwise updated. It is your responsibility to review these API Terms of Use periodically, and if at any time you find these API Terms of Use unacceptable, you must immediately leave the Site and cease all use of the API and the Site.

 YOU AGREE THAT BY ACCESSING AND USING THE API IN YOUR WEBSITES AND APPS YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE FOLLOWING API TERMS OF USE. YOU HEREBY REPRESENT THAT YOU ARE AT LEAST 18 YEARS OLD AND THAT YOU ARE LEGALLY ABLE TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT.

 ONLY PERSONS OF LEGAL AGE CAN ACCEPT THIS AGREEMENT AND USE THE API.

 IF YOU VIOLATE ANY PORTION OF THIS PROVISION, OPENED WILL IMMEDIATELY BLOCK YOUR USE OF THE API AND CANCEL YOUR REGISTRATION TO THE SITE.

2. LICENSE. Subject to your compliance with all terms of this API Terms of Use, OpenEd hereby grants you a personal, limited, non-transferable, non-exclusive license, without the right to sublicense, to

  (a) use the API to make calls to the Site solely to enable searching for educational resources ("Resources") and their metadata (attributes such as grade, subjects, and alignments to educational standards, the "Site Metadata") through the Site and

  (b) use the API to contribute Resources and Site Metadata to make your Resources available for searching on the Site. 


 The license set forth above is further restricted by and subject to the following:  (i) you may use the API to perform searches up to a rate limit of 25,000 queries per calendar day without charge; provided that usage beyond this level with give rise to a Fee as set forth below (ii) you may only submit Resources and other content that you own or with respect to which you have all rights to convey such content and provide the license thereto as set forth in the Terms of Use for the Site; (iii) you will not be charged for submitting Resources and other content which are not subject to any restriction, royalty or other charge and which do not require individual purchase or subscription in order to be used, provided that submitting Resources which are not free or require a subscription will give rise to a Fee as set forth below.    

 For avoidance of doubt, Resources include educational video lectures, educational games, educational assessments, tests and quizzes and other learning-related objects which the Site stores and tracks. Site Metadata includes attributes about those Resources including appropriate grade levels, subjects, rating, alignments to standards and the underlying URLs where the Resource is originally hosted.  

3. FEES.  You agree to pay to OpenEd the applicable fee (“Fee”) as set forth in the [Fee Schedule](http://opened.io/#!/fees) for the following:
 (a) In the event that you exceed 25,000 calendar queries in a calendar day, you will pay OpenEd the applicable query fee for each additional 1,000 queries in such calendar day; 

 (b) In the event that your Resource is not free or require a subscription for users to access, then when you must select whether to be charged on a cost per click or conversion basis.  If you elect to be charged on a cost per click basis, then you will pay OpenEd the click-through fee for each click-through to such Resource from the Site (as set forth in the [Fee Schedule](http://opened.io/#!/fees)).  If you elect to be charged on a conversion basis, then you will pay OpenEd the conversion fee (as set forth in the [Fee Schedule](http://opened.io/#!/fees) ) for each purchase or subscription for your Resource by a user clicking-through from the Site.    

For cost per click basis charges, we will invoice you on a monthly basis, by the 15th day of the month, setting forth, in each case, the total number of click-throughs for each of your Resource which occurred in the preceding month.  For conversion basis charges, you will report on a monthly basis, by the 15th day of the month, setting forth, in each case, the total number of purchases or subscriptions for your Resource by users clicking-through from the Site which occurred in the preceding month.  OpenEd reserves the right, at any time, and in its sole discretion, to terminate conversion basis charges and to bill you on a cost per click basis.  You are solely responsible for payment of all sales and other similar transaction taxes arising with respect to the Fees.  

4. RESTRICTIONS. You shall not directly or indirectly: (a) copy, store or cache any portion of the Resources or Site Metadata, including using or providing your users with the original underlying URL of the Resource (you are only permitted to use and provide your users with the Site URL for the Resource) or any other information about the Resource other than the Site URL; (b) copy, review or analyze the API or Resources or Site Metadata for the purposes of creating or which results in the creation or development of other databases, tools, products or services, which are functionally, visually or otherwise identical or similar to the Site (such as other educational resource catalogs or learning management systems which keep their own catalogs and are able to provide Resources and Site Metadata without a live query to the OpenEDd API);  (c) copy the Resources or Site Metadata through any means; and/or (d) sell, license, transfer, lease, give away or distribute the Resources or Site Metadata in any way which does not require immediate, live and real-time use of the API. 

5. RIGHTS RESERVED. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, all rights not specifically granted in the license set forth in Section 2 shall be reserved and remain always with OpenEd.  The License granted hereunder shall not be construed to confer any rights upon you, other than those affirmatively granted in Section 2, by implication, estoppel or otherwise as to any technology not specifically set forth in this Agreement.  Any use, access to and/or reproduction of API and/or Site Parameters and Metadata other than as expressly permitted in Section 2, without the prior written consent of OpenEd, is prohibited and will constitute a breach of this Agreement and will infringe OpenEd's intellectual property rights.

6. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS.  OpenEd shall solely own and have exclusive worldwide right, title and interest in and to the API and the Site Metadata and to all modifications, enhancements and derivative works thereof, and to all intellectual property rights related thereto.  You agreed not to challenge, contest or otherwise impair OpenEd's ownership of the API and Site Metadata or the validity or enforceability of OpenEd's intellectual property rights related thereto.  While many Resources on the site are either publicly licensed or owned by third parties, all of the Site Metadata about Resources including but not limited to alignments to standards, subjects, grade levels and ratings, is the intellectual property of OpenEd .  

7. ENFORCEMENT.  OpenEd will be irreparably harmed and money damages would be inadequate compensation to OpenEd in the event you breach any provision of this API Terms of Use. Accordingly, all of the provisions of this API Terms of Use shall be specifically enforceable, and OpenEd shall be entitled to injunctive relief against you, in addition to any other remedies as may be available to OpenEd.

8. PROHIBITED USES. You are prohibited from using the API to violate or attempt to violate any security features of the Site, including, without limitation using the API to:
(a) store or cache Resources and Site Metadata (such as underlying URLs of Resources, standard alignments, grade levels and subjects) on your own website or application;  
(b) display the underlying or original underlying URL of the Resource or its Site Metadata to users without using the OpenEd Site URL or the OpenEd API. If you display individual Resources to users of your application or website it must be done with the OpenEd Site itself;  
(c) access content or data not intended for you, or to log onto a server or account that you are not authorized to access; 
(d) collect,  copy or download any Site Resources and Site Metadata including any screen display data, such as through spidering, crawling, screen scraping or similar methods 
(e) attempt to probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Site; or 
(f) interfere or attempt to interfere with service to any user, host, or network, including, without limitation, by means of submitting a virus to the Site, overloading, "flooding," "spamming," "mail bombing," or "crashing."

9. ALLEGED VIOLATIONS. OpenEd reserves the right to terminate your use of the API and/or the Site immediately, with or without notice to you, and without liability to you, if OpenEd believes that you have violated any of the API Terms of Use, furnished OpenEd with false or misleading information, or interfered with use of the Site by others.

10. NO WARRANTIES. OPENED HEREBY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES. OPENED IS MAKING THE API AVAILABLE _AS IS_ WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. YOU ASSUME THE RISK OF ANY AND ALL DAMAGE OR LOSS FROM USE OF, OR INABILITY TO USE, THE API. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, OPENED EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, REGARDING THE API, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR NONINFRINGEMENT.

11. LIMITED LIABILITY. OPENED'S LIABILITY TO YOU IS LIMITED. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL OPENED BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, LOST PROFITS, OR LOST DATA, REGARDLESS OF THE FORESEEABILITY OF THOSE DAMAGES) ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH YOUR USE OF THE API. This limitation shall apply regardless of whether the damages arise out of breach of contract, tort, or any other legal theory or form of action.

12. INDEMNITY AND RELEASE. You agree to indemnify and hold OpenEd and its affiliates and their officers, employees, directors and agent harmless from any and all losses, damages, expenses, including reasonable attorneys' fees, rights, claims, actions of any kind and injury (including death) arising out of or relating to (i) your use of the API, searches conducted using the API and any other transaction using the API; (ii) your violation of these API Terms of Use.

13. COPYRIGHT. The API is: Copyright © 2014 OpenEd, Inc. All rights reserved.

14. GOVERNING LAW. These API Terms of Use shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of California, without reference to its rules regarding conflicts of law. With respect to any disputes or claims not subject to arbitration, as set forth below, you hereby irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state or federal courts in Santa Clara County, California, USA in all disputes arising out of or related to the use of the Site or Service.

15. ARBITRATION.  At OpenEd's or your election, all disputes, claims, or controversies arising out of or relating to the these API Terms of Use or the Service that are not resolved by mutual agreement shall be exclusively resolved by binding arbitration to be conducted before JAMS, or its successor. Unless otherwise agreed by the parties, arbitration will be held in Los Gatos, California before a single arbitrator mutually agreed upon by the parties, or if the parties cannot mutually agree, a single arbitrator appointed by JAMS, and will be conducted in accordance with the rules and regulations promulgated by JAMS. The arbitration must commence within forty-five (45) days of the date on which a written demand for arbitration is filed by either party. The arbitrator's decision and award will be made and delivered within sixty (60) days of the conclusion of the arbitration and within six (6) months of the selection of the arbitrator. The arbitrator will not have the power to award you any damages in excess of the limitation on actual compensatory, direct damages set forth in above and may not multiply actual damages or award punitive damages or any other damages that are specifically excluded under these API Terms of Use, and you hereby irrevocably waive any claim to such damages. The arbitrator may, in his or her discretion, assess costs and expenses (including the reasonable legal fees and expenses of the prevailing part) against any party to a proceeding. Any party refusing to comply with an order of the arbitrators will be liable for costs and expenses, including attorneys' fees, incurred by the other party in enforcing the award. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of temporary or preliminary injunctive relief, any party may proceed in court without prior arbitration for the purpose of avoiding immediate and irreparable harm. The provisions of this arbitration section will be enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction.

16. SEVERABILITY; WAIVER. If, for whatever reason, a court of competent jurisdiction finds any term or condition in these API Terms of Use to be unenforceable, all other terms and conditions will remain unaffected and in full force and effect. No waiver of any breach of any provision of these API Terms of Use shall constitute a waiver of any prior, concurrent, or subsequent breach of the same or any other provisions hereof, and no waiver shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the waiving party.

17. GENERAL.  In the event a dispute arises regarding these API Terms of Use or the use of this Site, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover reasonable attorneys' fees and costs incurred, in addition to damages and any other relief to which it is entitled.  You agree that regardless of any statute or law to the contrary, any claim or cause of action arising out of or related to use of the API or these API Terms of Use must be filed within one (1) year after such claim or cause of action arose or be forever barred. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form will be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. You may not assign these API Terms of Use without the prior written consent of OpenEd, but OpenEd may assign or transfer these API Terms of Use, in whole or in part, without restriction. The section titles in these API Terms of Use are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Notices to you may be made via either email or regular mail. OpenEd may also provide notices to you of changes to these API Terms of Use or other matters by displaying notices or links to notices generally on the Site.

18. MODIFICATIONS. OpenEd may, in its sole discretion and without prior notice, (a) revise these API Terms of Use; (b) modify the Site and/or the API; and (c) discontinue the Site and/or access to the Site through the API at any time. OpenEd shall post any revision to these API Terms of Use to the Site, and the revision shall be effective immediately on such posting. You agree to review these API Terms of Use and other online policies posted on the Site periodically to be aware of any revisions. You agree that, by continuing to use or access the Site following notice of any revision, you shall abide by any such revision.

19. ACKNOWLEDGEMENT. BY ACCESSING AND USING THE API, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ THESE API TERMS OF USE AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THEM.  YOU MUST AGREE TO THESE API TERMS OF USE IN ORDER TO USE THE API.






